Chair: Ben  
Notetaker: Chris  

## Absence check
:heavy_check_mark: or :x: <br/>

:heavy_check_mark: Matei<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Krzysztof<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Shaan<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Ben<br/>
:heavy_check_mark: Ioana<br/>




## Introduction: What did we do for the last sprint?
Ben: Major refactoring in many parts of the system, resolved many bugs.  
Chris:  New board and board objects with adjusted code for the new board. Code refactoring.
Iona: Code refactoring and testing the code.  
Matei: Sound effects.  
Shaan: Changed the database to TU server.   

## Notes from Martijn.
1. If there are any bugs in our game it's kind of ok as long as you can still play the game or the game doesn't crash.  
2. Add some automation to create required tables for the database instead of creating them manually.  
Put the information on how to use these scripts in the readme. Do it in case a user wants to use a different database for the game.  
3. Update the requirements if we need to, make sure they make sense and ask Martijn for approval.  
4. When explaining why we did not finish a "must-have" or why we implemented a "won't have" we need to back it up with a short explanation.   
5. For exercise 2 we should make a separate branch for every element we're refactoring.   
6. "Index on creation mark" idea. (refactoring)  
7. Primarily test the game logic, but if it can't be automated test it manually, preferably on the (almost) final version of the game and provide a document describing the texts.  
8. If we use something from an outside source don't forget to add a reference to the source.   
9. LibGdx might have a built-in feature for creating objects.

## Questions to Martijn 
1. What should we focus on for the final product?  
Answer: Finish all the open issues and if we're not going to implement some of our features we should explain why.
We need to add tools to our project, SonarQube (Martijn suggestion, not a direct recommendation), IntelliJ plugin may lack some features, CodeMR (linked on slides [lecture 12]).
2. Uncompleted Must-Haves  
  * The user is not taken back to the main menu after the game ends, but to the "select game mode" panel after pressing the "back" button

## Remarks about changing the architecture
1. Builder/Factory/Abstract Factory pattern for the GameContainer
  Builder: Construct complex objects/ with default behaviors
2. The goals should be separated from the board in the collision engine and the rest of the game logic.
3. Putting textures as an attribute of an object is not a bad idea to simplify the render method of the GameContainer and avoid putting textures and game objects in the same order to the lists of the GameContainer
4. The Paddle movement restriction can be put into the collision engine. A check if a paddle collides with the board would happen to verify if the paddle is within the boundaries of one of the halves of the board.

## Stuff to implement
1. Builders for the objects that are used to play the game
2. Factory method for the gameContainer/ Builder for the gameContainer that takes a collection of objects needed to play the game (Collection of pucks/ paddles/ goals/ boards)

## Plan of action
1. Refactor Puck and Paddle, so the logic from these two objects is in the CollisionsEngine. Do the testing.
2. Implement builders for objects on the board.
3. Make a builder for the GameContainer.
4. Try and see if the Textures can be mocked within the tests.